---
layout: post
title:  "A trip to Paris"
date:   2015-11-08 22:48:25
categories: blog1
---

I felt shocked, lucky as well, when I heard the news that multiple shootings and explosions had hit central Paris, killing more than 150 people. I just went to Paris for an unforgettable trip last weekend before the deadly attacks. Some friends worried about me and contacted me via WeChat after the bad news. Actually, I was sleeping at that time. I could not believe that the attacks would happened in such a beautiful city where I saw much great scenery and artist works. I imagined that I would go there once again. 

I just went to Paris by bus with many other universities’ students through Pm2am’s organization. And I felt surprised that I met Iva and her friends. We went to Strasbourg together in September. After approximately eight hours, we arrived in our destination—Paris. Firstly, we had a bus tour in the city. During that, we scanned several famous places of interest in Paris such as Eiffel Tower, Arc de triomphe di l'Étoile, Musée du Louvre and so on. Then it’s our free time so I could made my own schedule. With the consideration of limited time, I decided to walk along the Seine River and visited some spots. 

In the beginning, I was on the side where Eiffel Tower stands, there were lots of people who lined up for going inside of the tower. I did not want to join the fun so I just stayed there for a while. The Eiffel Tower is really magnificent. I felt it’s elegant though it was made of iron. Next, I walked and walked along the river, there are many bridges cross this river, and each one is truly unique and has different styles. I came across a photographic art exhibition and there were several amazing photos. Surprisingly, I found there were also some photos took by Chinese photographers. The sky was pure blue with slight breeze and sunlight in the morning. I enjoyed my slow rhythm in the city. I believe everybody come here and will love it finally because people could find this city is full of romantic flavor in every building, every street and every corner. Most of the buildings have a height of only five floors with special structure. Along the way, there were so many tourists so that some of them asked me to help them to take a photo. 

I decided to stopped my steps forward in the noon because I felt tired and then I went across a bridge where there are many locks hanging to represent best wishes. An old man was plying violin on the bridge so I stopped and sit on the bench to listen to the music. What a nice moment! The opposite side of this bridge is the fantastic Louvre Museum. I came cross it without staying there for too long because there were thousands of people. I had my lunch in MacDonald and especially tasted a kind of Macaron though it’s not cheap but really delicious.

After that I visited a garden which I did know its name and began to return to Eiffel Tower along the right side of Seine River. I found there were so many museums and exhibitions in Paris. It’s shame that I could not stay longer here. The weather was cloudy in the afternoon so I just sit near to the river and had a rest. At night, I visited the famous street—Avenue des Champs – Elysees. It’s wide and two miles long with many luxury shops. Actually, I did not go into any of them since I knew I could not afford it.

There are also many other valuable places to visit in Paris. It’s a long list. Through this trip, I love Paris and really want to live there longer. But the terrible attacks made me thought more about studying and travelling alone in other countries and thought more about peace and terrorist attacks. Actually, I know little about religious knowledge. But I really fear that I live in a place which is full of danger. There are too many problems I could not solve just by my own power. However, what I could do now is to be more cautious and protect myself.
