---
layout: post
title:  "First trip in Strasbourg"
date:   2015-09-25 19:00:00
categories: blog1
---

At the beginning of September, when I had lunch in the school dining hall with my buddy, Mani. We met one of her friends by accidence, a really nice Chinese girl. By talking, I know that Yi also have buddies, another two girls. She were planning to have an excursion with her buddies. And then she invited us to join her excursion. We agreed with this good idea happily. And then we added Facebook account each other. After a short discussion. All of us decided to go to Strasbourg for an excursion on 26th September. However, Mani went to this beautiful city with her other friends just after one week due to some uncertain reasons. So eventually four girls went to the destination together.

On that day, we caught up with the DB bus at main train station in time although there was a sudden case. Yi’s buddy, Iva, a girl from Bulgaria, missed the last bus to train station and have waited for the next bus. So all of us rushed into the DB bus in the last moment. This is the first time I met Iva and Yuan. Iva is the freshman of bachelor for Media and Communication. Yuan is studying for the MMM program. We talked much about the new life in Mannheim. Because three of us just live in Mannheim about one month except Yi. She has been here for about three years.

When the bus arrived at the destination. Firstly, we bought a city map at the train station of Strasbourg. And I found the service staff could speak German directly because Strasbourg is situated on the eastern border of France with Germany. The external appearance of the train station is like an UFO, but the internal is different. Then we just walk through the old buildings looking at the map. There are many medieval buildings in Strasbourg, such as Cathedral, typical black and white timber-framed buildings. Along the street, we visited the sandstone Gothic Cathedral. This is my first time to visit such a big gothic cathedral. Though I have visited some cathedrals in China, but they could not compare with this one. We stayed for a while in it and Yi made a donation for lighting a candle. Maybe it is a kind of custom in western countries. 

Then we made a boat trip along the river in this city. The price is a little expensive (12.5 Euro) but it provides detailed introduction of every place we went by. What made me surprised that there 12 kinds of introduction languages including Chinese. So I could understood easily and clearly the history and stories behind every place of interest. There are many bridges with a long history along the river but I did not remember their names. I found Strasbourg is the birthplace of La Marseillaise. In addition, there are also many modern building in Strasbourg, because it is the capital and principal city of the Alsace region in north eastern France and the official seat of some European Institutions such as the European Parliament, Council of Europe and so on. 

After the boat trip, all of us were hungry so we chose a French restaurant and had a wonderful lunch though we waited for a little long time. After that we walked along the river, the sky is so pure blue with cool breeze and sunshine. Then we decided to buy some souvenirs so we came in a shop. Eventually, Yuan and Iva bought postcards, I and Yi bought mustard sauce (French: moutarde). I do not like mustard before but Yi recommend Strasbourg’s mustard. When I came back home and had a try. It’s really tasty. 

We had to return to Mannheim in the afternoon because of the bus schedule. All of us were asleep on the bus. We had a coffee break after the excursion at the Café called Star Coffee. What a nice day and Strasbourg is really a beautiful city and I hope I could work and live in such a city in the future.
