---
layout: post
title:  "Stuttgart"
date:   2015-10-17 18:00:00
categories: blog1
---

When I cooked and talked with one of my roommates, Aoxiang, a Chinese boy from Tsinghua University in the shared kitchen one day in September. We spoke about the Outlet City near to Stuttgart and then we decided to get there together.

Because Aoxiang has bought a Europe Pass, a kind of ticket sold by DB. It means that he could travel by any train in Europe anytime and anywhere except some special routes. So he did not need to book a ticket to Stuttgart in advance. I booked the ticket with a lower price using BahnCard 25. We arrived in Stuttgart after about one hour and forty minutes. 

Firstly, we went to the City Library which is designed by a Korean Architect, Eun Young Yi. It’s really a different modern library. This cavernous white wonder is unobtrusive in design. Its external shape looks like a white Rubik's Cube. The interior is bright without direct lighting, it is warm without paint color and intimate yet open. It is said that the form and symmetry of entrance of the building was inspired by the “Cenotaph for Newton” by Étienne Boullée, but the heart and core of the library follows the design of the ancient pantheon. The gallery hall is a five-story space, square-shaped and surrounded by a shell of books. We just stayed for a while and then went back to the central train station because it’s not a day for reading books. As a matter of fact, I do not think the library is a great building because I am not used to stay in an environment where all decorations are white without any other color. Yeah, maybe I could not appreciate this kind of art style. 

The second stop for our trip is the Mercedes-Benz Museum. We got in it at a reduced price, 4 Euro per person because we are students. This museum is the only one in the world that can document in a single continuous timeline over 125 years of auto industry history from its very beginnings to the present day. During a two-hour tour of the exhibition, we experienced a unique journey through automotive history. Transported by lift to the uppermost level of the museum, we arrived back in the year 1886, where two museum tours gradually spiral their way down through the extensive collection and back to the museum exit. During the tour, I could learn about the history behind every car via an audio guidance since the entrance fee includes the use of an Audio Guide to accompany visitors on the trip. It provides me with access to additional information in eight different languages. I enjoyed this museum tour with pleasant background music and visual influence. Finally, we came to the museum shop because Aoxiang intended to purchase a souvenir and send it to his cousin. What made us surprised was that there were many products, especially the car models, which are made in China. Aoxiang bought a kind of unnamed snack, it’s the only one he could afford and made in Germany!

We had lunch in a fast food shop called Nordsee in the central station. When I bought a ticket from Stuttgart to the Metzingen Outlet City, I found I had lost my purse carelessly in the shop. Luckily, the clerk returned it to me when we came back there. We got on the train at 14:22, but the train stopped on the half way because there were some sheep on the railway ahead! Therefore, we had to get off and waited for another train. We got on the neat train after one hour and arrived at Metzingen at 17:00. Then we began to go shopping separately. Actually, the Outlet City offers an almost unbelievable range of options, for women, men and children, from street wear to the latest trends, from outdoor clothing to sumptuous evening wear, from styling accessories to body care, from underwear to sports outfits, and of course classic men's suits, perfect for the office, in every cut and color and from many well-known premium and luxury brands. But I did not buy anything eventually because I still could not afford it or there was not a suitable size for me! 

On the return way, we chatted with some Chinese. I was surprised that they bought so many stuffs. A man among them even came to this Outlet City at least once every year. He said the price was lower too much comparing with it in China. 

